Business objective
Express ECG is a B2C healthcare company specializing in cardiac care by providing on demand ECG services. They have been doing this actively for more than 10 years. They have built a large network of doctors that makes this service easily accessible and quick. They have been operating on offline grounds and are targeting to move on to a tech solution oriented approach, making this service accessible to all by scaling it on a national level. 


Scope
To get started with, only a minimal amount of features are required for better usability and delivering the value. Vision is to create a cross platform mobile application that can handle all the use cases that are being covered offline.


Features
Onboarding
Since lot of users are accessing the service offline by giving call on care number, they would receive link to install app on text message
Users can install app from play store and app store
Users can login by providing their contact number and OTP received on the same.
Integrate google play instant for users who dont have app installed so that application can get launched once they receive link about the app.

Dashboard
The dashboard is where the user will land after logging in.
The dashboard will have informative content like a checklist and a pre-recorded video (provided by client) explaining the symptoms to help decide whether the patient should wait for ECG to be done or need to rush to the hospital immediately.
Patient/caretaker can give a call to public health centre/ drop a message on registered WhatsApp number/ call for technician through app in case of any cardiac related health issue.
In cases of urgency, if the caretaker/patient chooses the hospital route, they will be given options for the nearest hospital.
In cases where the symptoms are unclear to the patient, they will ask for ECG service.

Request for ECG
Once a user places a request for ECG, a technician will be assigned the case.
Technicians will receive details about the user via a separate application.  (not in scope)
Users can then track the status of technicians by seeing their live location and ETA.
Verification of the technician is not required as such
Once the technician is done with the ECG, they will submit the report to the doctor from the technician app.

Profile 
Since the login is OTP based, users should create a profile for themselves.
Users can also create profiles of other family members as well.
All the data of all members whose profile is created under one contact number can be accessible by logging in with that particular contact only.

Reports
Users can also upload their medical reports for the physician to check out.
In case of multiple members added under this account, reports of all those users can be added by creating their individual profile.

Payment 
Once the user books technician for ECG, invoice will be generated and they will be redirected to the payment page.
We can explore the option of integrating third party payment or even showing QR code for UPI payment will also work.Hence, design for the same wont be considered.

Feedback
Section meant to note user feedback.
We can explore how we want to take note of the same.
Feedback will be visible on the backend to the team so design for the same is not considered.

Analytics
Integrate any analytics tools like google analytics in order to analyse various aspects of the application and generate report about the same.










